---
title: "🗞 Grow with Fleeting Notes: Exciting Opportunities Await!"
date: 2023-09-21
---
[Join the affiliate program](https://fleeting-notes.getrewardful.com/) and get *30% commission, indefinitely.*

- **A few features coming**, but the main focus now will be on reliability of sync & ease of use
- **Introducing the affiliate program**, get a whopping 30% of *recurring revenue, indefinitely* for promoting Fleeting Notes
- **Personal Update**: My current goals and my relentless pursuit to make this app the best capture app for Obsidian.

# What's new and what's to come
A few more bug fixes rolling in this week and next week! The main focus now will be with bug fixes, so features will come in slower. 
## Released / In the next Release
- [Single touch links & tags](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/723): Add links and tags with a single tap straight from the mobile toolbar
- [Pin notes](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/844): Add the ability to pin notes to the top!
- And a ton of bug fixes with the Obsidian plugin / Fleeting Notes app

## Upcoming
- [Support sublists](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/692): Better use sublists from within the Fleeting Notes editor.
- [Hiding source field by default](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/639): right now the source field is not used very often and we're in the works of hiding it by default
- [Global shortcut keys](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/613): Shortcut keys to add for desktop & web versions of the app.
- Plus many bug fixes, towards sync reliability & ease of use

For full details, on what I'm working on checkout the [roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/fleetingnotes/projects/1)

# Growing Fleeting Notes Together
Lately, I've been doing a lot of pondering about the future of Fleeting Notes. As the digital landscape constantly evolves, so does the challenge of ensuring that our beloved app reaches as many people as possible. One of the avenues I've been exploring is paid marketing channels. But, to be honest, the idea of plastering ads everywhere just doesn't sit right with me. It feels... impersonal.

So, I had a lightbulb moment.

Instead of pouring resources into faceless advertising, why not invest in the very people who make Fleeting Notes what it is? That's right, I'm talking about **you**.

I'm thrilled to introduce the **Fleeting Notes Affiliate Program**. Here's the gist: by promoting the app, you can earn a portion of the revenue. So, in essence, rather than paying some big-shot advertisers, I'd much rather reward you, our dedicated users. Sounds pretty fantastic, right?

But wait, there's more! I'm not talking about a one-time deal or a tiny percentage. I want to offer you a whopping **30% cut**. This means you can generate a passive income just by getting your friends, family, or anyone you know to use the app. And the best part? This isn't a one-off thing. This recurring revenue will continue to flow into your account as long as the subscriber you brought in stays subscribed. It's like the gift that keeps on giving!

If you've been with us for a while, you know how passionate I am about Fleeting Notes. And if you share that belief in what we're doing, I wholeheartedly encourage you to [try out the affiliate program](https://fleeting-notes.getrewardful.com/). Who knows? This could be the start of something beautiful for both of us.

Let's grow Fleeting Notes together, not as a company and its users, but as a community.


# Personal Update
It's been quite the journey working on Fleeting Notes. If you've been following along, you might remember that last week I touched upon my vision of making Fleeting Notes the go-to capture app for Obsidian. And I've been thinking... the only way to truly achieve this is by zeroing in on what **you**, my users, truly want. It's about relentless prioritization and ensuring that every feature, every tweak, resonates with you.

This introspection led me to a realization. What truly matters to you all? A seamless, reliable sync with Obsidian and clear, concise documentation that demystifies the app's usage. And so, I'm thrilled to announce the launch of our new documentation site: [https://docs.fleetingnotes.app](https://docs.fleetingnotes.app/). It's designed to be your one-stop-shop for all things Fleeting Notes, with neatly organized links to guide you every step of the way.

But that's not all. In my quest to make Fleeting Notes the best it can be, I've decided to take a bit of a gamble. Instead of pouring funds into advertising, I've chosen to double down on you, my existing user base. Why? Because I believe in the power of community. I believe that together, we can make Fleeting Notes soar to new heights.

So, here's my proposition: a **30% revenue sharing split**. Indefinitely. That's right, by simply sharing what you love about Fleeting Notes, you can build a passive income for yourself. If this piques your interest, I wholeheartedly encourage you to check out our [affiliate program](https://fleeting-notes.getrewardful.com/).

In essence, I want this journey to be one we embark on together. I'm brimming with excitement for what the future holds for Fleeting Notes, and I hope you are too. Let's grow, evolve, and thrive together.