---
title: 🗞 Don't Miss Out Before Prices Double + New Vision
date: 2023-08-27
---
[Upgrade today](https://www.fleetingnotes.app/pricing) to lock in the early adopter pricing before I **double my pricing in 2 days** (September 1st). Please. I don't want you to miss out!

- **The next release is going to be a fat release**. I added a lot of things you guys have been asking for and I'm excited for you guys to try it out!
- **Doubling down on Obsidian capture.** For the past couple of weeks, my focus has been scattered but now my plan is to double down on being the indisputable best Obsidian capture app!
- **Personal Update: Living in San Francisco**. Plus another reminder for you to [upgrade](https://www.fleetingnotes.app/pricing) before September 1st!

# What's new and what's to come
Next release is going to be a big release! Lots of new things coming to Fleeting Notes and I'm excited to share with you everything that's coming and in the works.

## Released / In the next Release
- [Update the mobile toolbar](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/677): Add undo & redo buttons, add slash commands, and upload attachments from the toolbar!
- [Saved searches](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/831): Quickly access common searches to be able to quickly find what you're looking for.
- [View / restore deleted notes](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/668): If you ever accidentally deleted a note or wanted to restore your note, you can do so now after this feature!
- [Better tasks](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/871): Now you can add tasks into Obsidian from Fleeting Notes super easily!

## Upcoming
- [Single touch links & tags](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/723): Add links and tags with a single tap straight from the mobile toolbar
- [Support sublists](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/692): Better use sublists from within the Fleeting Notes editor.
- [Hiding source field by default](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/639): right now the source field is not used very often and we're in the works of hiding it by default
- [Frictionless adding of attachments](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/498): Making it easier to add attachments (drag & drop)

For full details, on what I'm working on checkout the [roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/fleetingnotes/projects/1)

# Refocusing on What Matters: Crafting the Best Quick Capture for Obsidian
I've been spending a lot of time lately, immersed in self-reflection, particularly about ways to improve our app. And you know what I realized? The best approach isn't to pile on feature after feature, even though that might seem like the most obvious route. No, the magic happens when we zero in on the most crucial aspects and polish them to gleaming perfection.

I'm setting myself a tall order but hear me out: By the end of this year, I aspire for our tool to be **indisputably the best quick capture app for Obsidian.** Yep, you read that right!

## So, What's the Game Plan?

The most pressing question on my mind (and perhaps on yours too) is: how on Earth am I going to pull that off? Well, it all starts with a deep understanding. I want to grasp, down to the last detail, what 'the best quick capture app' truly means for all of you. It means diving deep into your daily struggles, your needs, and the things that make you go, "Ugh, why can't it just...".

This could be anything - from wanting an Apple Watch or wearOS integration, to craving a more intuitive templating system, or perhaps a streamlined method to add attachments. But here's the catch: I can't guess. I need to hear it straight from you.

**So, a humble request:** If you could spare a few moments, I'd love to gain insights into the challenges you face while quickly capturing with Obsidian. Drop me a reply to this email, or if you're up for a chat, let's [set up a meeting.](https://usemotion.com/meet/ithinkwong/fleeting-notes-founders?d=30) 

## A Little Epiphany

Through the snippets of conversations I've had, one thing stood out like a sore thumb: the syncing setup. Let's face it; right now, it's a tad too finicky. It's all too easy to accidentally tweak something and end up breaking the entire sync. And trust me, the support requests are testament to that.

My goal? To declutter the setup process, fortify the sync, and ultimately, make this tool more accessible for everyone. Less hassle, more capturing. 

## One Final Thought...

From this point forward, every time a feature request pops up, it'll be paired with a crucial question: **"How will this help the user capture their notes into Obsidian?"** After all, isn't that what it's all about?

Cheers to better capturing, and to all of you who are with me on this journey! 💡📖

# Personal Update

Firstly, I owe you all a small peek into the recent chapters of my life. I packed my bags and headed off to San Francisco. Why, you ask? Well, I wanted to immerse myself in the buzz of Silicon Valley and also experience the thrill (and challenges!) of living solo. No close friends or family as my safety nets this time.

## New Faces and Familiar Spaces

The journey thus far? Nothing short of fantastic. San Francisco has opened its doors to me in delightful ways. I've been blessed to meet a vibrant mix of individuals, some of whom I've grown unexpectedly close to in such a short span of time.

And here's the cherry on top: I met my co-founder! Oh, speaking of which, did I spill the beans that he was one of the awesome folks who responded to my [[2023-05-23|co-founder form]] that I sent out a couple of months ago? It’s intriguing how destiny shapes connections.

## Time, Reflections and the App

Looking back, the day I sent out that form feels like it belongs in another lifetime. I've grown, evolved, and matured in more ways than I can count. It's fascinating how life has a way of speeding up and slowing down, all at the same time.

In the midst of all the catching up, my co-founder and I had some heart-to-heart discussions about our beloved app. After numerous brainstorming sessions (and quite a few cups of coffee), we decided: it's time to double down on quick capture for Obsidian. Let's conquer this mountain first, and then we'll scout out the next peak!

## On Growth and Gratitude

Speaking of growth, I've been left in awe. Post my announcement about the price update, the response has been _explosive_. I just wanted to take a moment to express my heartfelt gratitude. Your support, faith, and encouragement? That's my fuel. It propels me forward, even on days when the path seems murky.

**Heads up, dear community!** There are just **2 MORE DAYS** before the [prices](https://www.fleetingnotes.app/pricing) see an uptick. If you've been on the fence, now's your chance to jump in at the current rates. I'd genuinely hate for any of you to miss out on this.

Wrapping up, from the bustling streets of San Francisco, I send you all my love and appreciation.