---
title: "🗞 Fleeting Notes - For Content Creators Now?"
date: 2023-06-23
tags: ["hello"]
---
Are you a content creator? I'd like to [talk](https://usemotion.com/meet/ithinkwong/meeting?d=30)

- **Less shiny new stuff, more of what you need!** A lot of my focus in the coming weeks will be directly from feedback you give me! So please give me more
- **Focusing on Content Creators**. Fleeting Notes has always been a very general purpose app. I want to dive deeper in making the app specific for content creators. 
- **Personal Update: My new startup** and how I came to work on this!

# What's new and what's to come
My plan is to not do any major feature releases (e.g. a shiny new feature). For now, I just want to focus on what you guys want and what will make your life easier. So, feel free to reply to this email or [book a meeting with me](https://usemotion.com/meet/ithinkwong/meeting?d=30). I need to talk to you MORE!

## Released / In the next Release
- [Clip Web to MD](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-plugins/tree/main/plugins/official/clip-web-to-md): Now, you can easily clip the webpage into markdown that can be easily added through the plugin system
- [Support RTL (right-to-left)](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/669): For people who type in languages that prefer RTL rather than the default LTR.
- [Focus content field by default](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/658): Some people want to start writing in the title while other just generally want to start writing in the content field. We support both now!

## Upcoming
- [New settings screen](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/681): I'm adding a lot of configuration to be able to capture exactly the way you like it. This clutters the settings screen and so I'm planning on updating the UI for the settings.
- [Update the mobile toolbar](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/677): Add undo & redo buttons, add slash commands, reorganize the toolbar
- [See deleted notes](https://github.com/fleetingnotes/fleeting-notes-flutter/issues/668): Sometimes you mistakenly delete something and here'll be the place to recover them!

For full details, on what I'm working on checkout the [roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/fleetingnotes/projects/1)

# Fleeting Notes for Content Creators?
It's been quite a busy week here at Fleeting Notes HQ. I've been reaching out to you guys, setting up calls and trying to get a sense of how you use our note-taking app. The conversations I've had have been incredibly enlightening.

A trend I noticed? Almost all of us are capturing ideas to create content!

Yes, you heard that right. Be it scribbling down a sudden story idea, a thought for a new blog post, or some inspiration for a vlog, we are all in this together, trying to create something meaningful out of our spontaneous ideas.

But hey, I'm curious. If you use Fleeting Notes for something entirely different, I'd be over the moon to hear from you. Feel free to reply to this email or schedule a call. The more use-cases we can discover, the better Fleeting Notes can evolve!

Up until now, my focus with Fleeting Notes has been quite broad. I had this lofty goal of improving note-taking and information capture. But then, a question started to bug me - who exactly am I trying to improve this for?

Well, I think I've found my answer - **Content Creators**.

Content creators, just like you and me, are in constant need of tools that allow us to capture our thoughts swiftly, distill them, and then transform them into captivating content. Fleeting Notes is designed just for that! We aim to make the process of capturing thoughts and distilling them much quicker, enabling you to churn out content at lightning speed. 

By focusing on this niche - content creators - I believe our marketing can be much more targeted and specific. Truth be told, I've found it challenging to connect with you all on a deeper level, mainly because the messaging has been so generic. But that's about to change!

So, if you are a content creator, I'd absolutely love to hear from you! Whether you have feedback, suggestions, or just want to share your creative workflow, don't hesitate to reply to this email or [schedule a meeting](https://usemotion.com/meet/ithinkwong/meeting?d=30). 

# Personal Update: My New Startup
You know, the past couple of weeks have been a whirlwind. I know, I know, I always say that, but it's true - life as an entrepreneur is pretty much a non-stop adventure.

My recent escapades took me to a tech conference, which turned out to be an absolute blast. I met a ton of fascinating people, soaked up some incredible insights, and guess what? I validated a whole new startup idea!

Yep, you read it right, a brand new startup! I must admit, I'm a little nervous sharing this with you. I don't want any of you awesome folks thinking that I'm abandoning our beloved Fleeting Notes. Nope, that's far from the truth. 

This new startup idea actually sprang from a challenge I faced head-on during my time with Fleeting Notes. And it's all about processing customer feedback. 

Don't get me wrong, I love engaging with all of you, replying to your emails, and diving into customer support. The sticky bit is transforming all your valuable feedback into prioritized tasks. It's been quite a headache, to be honest. 

Feature requests, bug reports - they sometimes just slip through the cracks. The daunting task of deciding what needs to be on the top of the list often ends up being made arbitrarily, based on my "general sense". Any of you product managers out there probably know exactly what I'm talking about! 

On the growth front, things have been a bit of a mixed bag. There was a little dip (likely because of a broken version of the app I released a couple of weeks ago - my bad, guys!). But since then, we've seen some steady growth, which is awesome! That said, our active subscriber count is holding steady at 158 - exactly the same as last week. 

If you're enjoying what you see here in this newsletter, I've got a little invite for you. Why not follow my [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/mattwongs_diary/) or [TikTok](https://www.tiktok.com/@mattwongs_diary)? I make daily vlogs over there, sharing one nugget of wisdom I've learned each day. It's a fun place to be, and I'd love to connect with you there. 

Stay tuned for more exciting updates, and remember - your feedback makes Fleeting Notes even better! So keep those ideas, suggestions, and queries coming. 