# Marlond Dump
### General Product Questions

1. How did you first hear about Fleeting Notes, and what problem were you hoping it would solve for you?
2. Can you describe your typical workflow when using Fleeting Notes?
3. What other tools or methods were you using for note-taking before you started using Fleeting Notes?
4. What made you choose Fleeting Notes over other note-taking solutions?

### Sync-Specific Questions

5. Can you walk me through the first time you tried to sync your notes with Obsidian? What was that experience like?
6. Have you ever lost important information or faced disruptions in your work due to sync issues? Can you tell me more about that situation?
7. What steps, if any, have you taken to troubleshoot sync issues on your own?
8. How critical is the sync feature to your overall experience with Fleeting Notes?
9. If the sync feature worked perfectly, how would that change your day-to-day use of Fleeting Notes?
10. Are there any other apps or platforms you wish Fleeting Notes could sync with?

## Brad Interview

- Installing extension is easy
	- He uses edge and firefox
- Roadblock 

- Does a lot of reading on the brower
	- PDF and websites
	- Only fleeting notes will take notes on a pdf and sync it
		- Omnivore doesn't
	- Lets say notes are synced 
		- if notes are moved or deleted and restart obsidian notes are gonna come back
		- Wanted two way sync and wasn't aware of it. This is more of a documentation issue
	- Lets say there is a note about the civil war and then you move the note and it is not in the fleeting notes folder then it will keep recreating it. 
- Move around notes in obsidian and keep track in fleeting notes without duplicating
- Be very explicit with explanations even if it might not seem necessary in the docs. 
- Show use cases and with diagrams and text in documentation (noun project)
- Simple, but readwise and omnivore have more features
- Writes in obsidian primarily
- Uses
	- Creates content for real estate B2B
		- uses obsidian to keep track on clients, meeting notes, documentation, needs to be secure, personal reference keeper
	- Creative writing
-  Saves to omnivore -> syncs to obsidian and then goes through it
	- wont make the note again
	- What are things you dont like about omnivore?
		- Got to go to omnivore webpage
		- fleeting notes quick type note and pops right up
		- (personal note click off page)
- a couple of sentences per note 
- quick videos or animations/gifs
	- use icons and arrows 
- Obsidian Subreddit
	- Heads in the right place
		- helpful posts
- Is excited 

## [[User Workflow]]


## [[Documentation]]